1. What went wrong with this scenario?

You were very new to the company and had a lot of questions and confusions about the project that was given to you by your supervisor. Your supervisor gave you general instructions over Slack and expected you to finish the project by Wednesday the following week. However, due to other projects you were working on and because your supervisor is known to be extremely busy, you didn't make much progress on the project and felt shy about asking for help.

2. What could you have done to improve this situation?

You could have been more proactive in asking your supervisor for clarification on the project instructions and setting up a meeting or call to go over the project in more detail. You could have also prioritized the project and set aside dedicated time to work on it.

3. What would you do to rectify this situation?

You would reach out to your supervisor and explain the situation, apologize for the lack of progress and set up a meeting or call to go over the project in more detail. You would also provide a plan on how you will catch up on the missed work and meet the deadline. You would also communicate any resources you may need to finish the project.

If you could have gone back in time, the email communication would have looked like this:

Subject: Questions and clarification on the project

Dear [Supervisor's name],

I hope you're doing well. I wanted to reach out to you regarding the project you assigned to me last week. While I appreciate the general instructions you provided over Slack, I still have some questions and confusion about the project. I would like to set up a meeting or call to go over the project in more detail and make sure I understand all the requirements and expectations.

I also wanted to let you know that I'm still juggling some other projects and I would like to prioritize this one. I'm confident that with your guidance and some dedicated time, I'll be able to meet the deadline by Wednesday next week.

Please let me know when would be a good time for us to meet or talk, and if you need any more information from me in the meantime.

Thank you,
Ayrene Santos